chore(docs): AS-13 docs rewrite (#263)
voxel51/fiftyone-teams-app-deploy: helm/fiftyone-teams-app/README.md

![Version: 2.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.2.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v2.3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v2.3.0-informational?style=flat-square)

FiftyOne Teams is the enterprise version of the open source [FiftyOne](https://github.com/voxel51/fiftyone) project.

> The FiftyoneTeams Helm chart is the recommended way to install and configure FiftyoneTeams on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fiftyone Teams Helm chart is the recommended way to install and configure Fiftyone Teams on Kubernetes.
```

<!-- markdownlint-enable line-length -->

> This page assumes general knowledge of FiftyoneTeams and how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page assumes general knowledge of Fiftyone Teams and how to use it.
```

Please contact Voxel51 for more information regarding Fiftyone Teams.

## Table of Contents

<!-- toc -->

- [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Kubernetes/Kubectl](#kuberneteskubectl)
  - [Helm](#helm)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Initial Installation vs. Upgrades](#initial-installation-vs-upgrades)
- [Advanced Configuration](#advanced-configuration)
  - [Builtin Delegated Operator Orchestrator](#builtin-delegated-operator-orchestrator)
  - [Central Authentication Service](#central-authentication-service)
  - [FiftyOne Teams Authenticated API](#fiftyone-teams-authenticated-api)
  - [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [Proxies](#proxies)
  - [Snapshot Archival](#snapshot-archival)
  - [Storage Credentials and `FIFTYONE_ENCRYPTION_KEY`](#storage-credentials-and-fiftyone_encryption_key)
  - [Text Similarity](#text-similarity)
- [Values](#values)
  - [Deploying On GKE](#deploying-on-gke)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Requirements

Helm and Kubectl must be installed and configured on your machine.

### Kubernetes/Kubectl

The following kubernetes/kubectl versions are required:

> Kubernetes: `>=1.18-0`

Reviewer: Why is this two lines?  Why not just: 'Kubernetes versions greater than, or equal to, 1.18-0 are supported using the Voxel51 Helm Chart.' or somesuch?

Author: We use the helm templates to fill that out:

```shell
{{ template "chart.kubeVersionLine" . }}
```
